Learn more about inflections[ci skip] (#35514)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_support_core_extensions.md

"equipment".pluralize # => "equipment"
```

> As the previous example shows, Active Support knows some irregular plurals and uncountable nouns. Built-in rules can be extended in `config/initializers/inflections.rb`. That file is generated by the `rails new` command and has instructions in comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the previous example shows, Active Support knows some irregular plurals and uncountable nouns. Built-in rules can be extended in `config/initializers/inflections.rb`. This file is generated by default, by the `rails new` command and has instructions in comments.
```

Author: Thank you review.
We commit your proposal. And rebase is also
